It is the Fourth of July, and I am sitting in the subletted room of a five-year-old in a Victorian in the Mission in San Francisco in California in the United States. I am writing this on a Macbook Air..... and that's not going anywhere. I can't start from a literal description of my surroundings and move to writing about more abstract topics. This would be a good prompt if I was the sort of person who had difficulty abstracting, but it's more the details that give me pause. That's why I need to write. I know that thinking-with-a-keyboard for me is a different act than "thinking" alone, with different results. I repeat my own thoughts compulsively, and I need a record of the last thing I thought in order to move forward. 

I also think it would help me to stop ruthlessly navel-gazing. I constantly make the same mistake as Freud: I base my assessment of people in the abstract based on a small sample set consisting mostly of *the insane* (I should have finished that Foucault book.). 

When my thinking *is* effective, I'm generally predicting and not ruminating/analyzing. So maybe what I should be writing is hypothetical scenarios involving myself. Preferably positive ones. I need to exercise my positive visualization skills, and I need to have a clear image in my mind of a what a me being in a good place could be like, so I can hold on to it when I'm not there, and point myself in the right direction. 

[
Hypothetical Scenario #1: July 4th, 2014-- A day in the life of J Eikens, 25.

    You (let's go wih second person here) wake up at around 8, when the sun flitting through the floor-length windows onto my patio on my king-sized temperpedic mattress. <Material details are good for planning my spending in the future, if a little lame in prose>. You're not anxious at all, despite being psychomed-free. You put water on to boil for coffee and stretch out, not in the disorganized, spacey way you do when you're smoking pot daily, but as if, hypothetically, you, J Eikens, 25, had executive planning skills whose scope extended beyond the next 15 seconds. When the coffee is done you pour yourself a cup, and put a couple drops of half-and-half in it, because you have a well-stocked fridge full of minor things like half-and-half that make you feel safe and protected when you remember that you have them. 
You sit on your meditation mat amongst your awesome plants, and meditate for half an hour. It's not a struggle-- it's something you do for yourself because you want to and you always get what you want. 

    You're working at home today-- fuck those clowns at E La Carte!!! j.k., you've actually developed at least semi-meaningful with your co-workers, and if you don't completely get along all the time you don't mind working with them. In practice, working at home for you means coding without distraction while your coffee buzz lasts, and then leaving and doing something else. You're not thinking of something else though. You can focus on your work without interruption while you're doing it. And after a year of working at E La Carte, you've seen most of the code, and you're a pretty good dev. Not a-maze-ing , but much more familiar with the process and productive, at least. You're developing the Android client for the new tablet in Clojure, because it's fun and you want to and you always get what you want. You are out to everyone in the office (or in your whole life), and you worry about gender the way you used to only once in a while, when you're in a slump. You sure as hell aren't thinking about it right now.

    We won't go into further detail about what you did for work because you did a predictably good job and got done quickly. You decide to meet your friend at a sewing workshop in SOMA. After you earned enough at your job to stock your apartment, and paid off the money you owed, you spent a lot on your transition-- buying nice clothes, the tasteful kind that adults wear, facial hair removal, etc. Now you have a more developed sense of personal style, and you're starting to sew your own clothes. You're getting pretty good at it, because you want to be good at it, and you always get what you want.(I should elaborate on this, I've said it several times now: there's no arrogance or sense of entitlement about it, you simply understand and respect your own desires. You've stopped fearing them, because they don't typically involve hurting other people or putting them second. In fact, you treat other people a lot better now that you're not wasting your energy trying to repress yourself all the time. Win-win!) The friend you're meeting, F, is probably queer-- you've met a lot of other trans and queer people, and their perspective has helped you let go of your irrational gender hang ups and not think about them. You spend a few hours at the sewing workshop, finishing a skirt you've been working on. You're starting to experiment with automated pattern making, using 3D scans from devices like the Kinect to make clothes that fit precisely to your body. Learning the geometry and 3D modeling was tricky, but you're now able to make clothes that look brilliantly tailored. You've talked about spinning it into a business with Alex, and you've set up a few meetings with VCs who seem very interested. You've got a visually impressive product and a clear narrative for the company. With a little luck and effort, you should be able to get enough seed funding to quit at E La Carte and work on something that you're passionate about.

    You take your garments home, change into biking gear, and ride through Golden Gate Park and up through Marin County. You bike 3-5 days a week, and your ass looks great! While you ride, you think about work and your plans for the next few months. You've got SRS scheduled in the fall, and you're super excited, as is your boyfriend. BF is a bi artist/designer type who is comfortable enough in his masculinity and sexuality that he doesn't have weird hang-ups about your body. He thinks you're beautiful, and he doesn't mind your penis, per se, but you both agree that your sex will get a lot hottter once it's out of the way. (You still have pretty hot sex, though.) He is passionate and well-read and unpretentious and c, and he has an aesthetic that is both beautiful and completely unlike your own. You and BF do crafty projects together, and inspire each other to be more creative. You get along best when you're both working on something perfectly together, and collaboratingly in a quiet synchrony. You make small talk and little jokes together as you work, but you don't have to talk to understand each other or feel close. You've lost track of time, thinking about all this, and you notice that you're only a mile away from your apartment. You speed up for the last stretch, and walk back into your apartment having made yourself exactly the right amount of sweaty and tired. 

    You take a quick shower, and start getting dressed up to go out. You're going to dinner with BF tonight, and some sort of hipster book-reading/play/lecture/quirky event at a bookstore afterwards. It's something you're interested in, anyway-- whatever smart people like yourself in SF usually do with their evenings when they're not putting themselves into a stoned stupor or obsessing over whether their hairline is too high or brow is too heavy. Which is most of the time, you're not a depressed pothead anymore. You know your beauty routine well enough now to do it quickly, but you experiment and have fun with it every time. You do your makeup flawlessly, and put on a simple black dress and flat sandals. Your wardrobe is more sophisticated and less contrarian than it used to be. You're aware of trends, but you dress like an adult. You're not frightened of dressing femme in public, and it doesn't trigger your OCD like it used to. 

    Since you and BF are well-paid, you eat out more than you cook, and you treat meals as an opportunity for Zen. You pay close attention to the delicious potato pasta <some sort of foodie food>, and the wine you're drinking. The conversation flows comfortably and languidly, and after a few months of pretty serious dating, you are both still captivated by each other. He stretches his arm around you, and he's smooth enough and tall enough that this seems really natural. You find it comforting, not nerve-wracking. Looking back on yourself a year ago, it's hard to imagine why so many things used to make you tense or bother you. Your memories of your worst funks seem more like nightmares at a quarter to nine on a Sunday morning. You remember, dimly, the terror, but you're not terrified anymore, and the dream-logic that served as a justification for the terror no longer even makes sense to you. 
    
    You make it back to BF's apartment at around 10:00, have another glass of wine, and have steamy sex. You still can't quite believe it, but you actually LIKE sex when you can have the kind of sex you want. It's satisfying in ways you couldn't really have grokked a year ago. You finish together. BF puts his arm around you and he smells good and you feel safe. You fall into pleasant, post-coital sleep for a few hours. You wake up and feel a little restless, so you get up and go into BF's kitchen and pour yourself a glass of juice. He wakes up a little bit as you crawl out of bed, but he understands that you need to be alone sometimes. You pull out the laptop that you're typing on right now, sprawl out on his couch, and write a hypothetical scenario that sort of like this one, except for it's a year further into the future, and things are even better.
,
Hypothetical Scenario #2 - 